DAN: After Mylene and Shadow Prove paid a
surprise visit to our hideout, Keith managed to
trick them into entering Bakugan Interspace where
they were defeated in battle.
DAN: Mylene launched a Death Ball thinking it
would suck Keith and Mira into the far reaches of
the dimension.
Unfortunately, it caused Bakugan Interspace to
start collapsing on itself.
DAN: Keith! Mira!
SHADOW PROVE: What's going on? What did you do?
MYLENE: [gasp]
MIRA: Keith..?
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
[\u266a]
MIRA: What's happening, Keith?
KEITH: The Bakugan Interspace...
KEITH: ...looks like it's collapsing on itself.
SHADOW PROVE: Hmm? What? Whoa!
MYLENE: The Death Ball is...out of control.
[\u266a]
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: An Heir to Spare
DAN: What's happening in there, man?
MARUCHO: It must have something to do with that
weird sphere that Mylene threw down.
MARUCHO: It's causing some crazy dimensional
distortion and now it looks like the
Bakugan Interspace is trying to swallow itself up.
ACE: Why are we standing around talking, then?
We gotta get Mira and Keith out.
MIRA: [screams]
KEITH: Mira! Grab on!
MIRA: Thank you Keith!
MIRA: [gasp]
MIRA: We're in trouble.
DAN: Think faster Marucho!
DRAGO: If we don't get them out of there soon, we
might lose them for good.
BARON: C'mon! There's gotta be something you can do.
MARUCHO: If I activate the emergency shut down I can
stop the distortion, but that may trap Mira and
Keith inside.
I'll have to try and extract them first just to be safe.
SHADOW PROVE: Bahhhhh! Nice going.
MYLENE: I don't understand.
SHADOW PROVE: Huh?
MYLENE: I've used the Death Ball before...and
it's never reacted this way.
What kind of a place have the Brawlers tricked us
into entering?
SHADOW PROVE: I dunno.
MYLENE: [grunt] I knew Spectra gave in too easily...
I should've...seen it coming.
He's mine!
MYLENE: Speeeeeccccctrrrraaaaa!
KEITH: Mira, stand back. MIRA: [gasp]
MIRA: No Keith, wait!
MYLENE: You're mine!
KEITH: Here I am!
MYLENE: [grunt, exertion] KEITH: [grunt, exertion]
MYLENE: You're not going to defeat me like you did
the others.
KEITH: Stop this!
None of us are going to survive if we don't work together.
MYLENE: [grunting, exertion] KEITH: [grunting, exertion]
MARUCHO: Mira! Keith!
MIRA: Marucho?
MARUCHO: The internal stability of the
Interspace won't hold much longer.
MARUCHO: I need to shut down the system so we
don't risk the dimensional tear...
MARUCHO: ...extending to our world, but first....
MARUCHO: ...we have to get you guys out
KEITH: Let's go, then! Mira, c'mon!
MIRA: Not yet. We have to bring them too.
MYLENE: [grunt] SHADOW PROVE: Whah?
MIRA: Come on... hurry guys!
BARON: Those guys are toast.
They're not gonna make it!
DAN: Come on, Marucho! Punch it!
MARUCHO: Almost there. Almost...
DRAGO: What's taking so long?
MIRA: Grab hold!
MYLENE: Hmmmph.
MYLENE: I rather die inside of here...than owe
you my life.
MYLENE: [scream]
SHADOW PROVE: Huh?
MYLENE: [gasp]
MYLENE: Spectra?
MYLENE: Let me go.
KEITH: Just quit being so stubborn about this,
Mylene...There's no reason for you to give up.
MYLENE: Hah! I choose death before dishonour.
KEITH: [angry growl]
MIRA: [grunt]
MIRA: Mylene, hang on!
MYLENE: Seriously?
MIRA: Shadow Prove, come help us.
SHADOW PROVE: Don't tell me what to do!
[\u266a]
MIRA: Marucho! Hurry up!
MARUCHO: Okay! Prepare for emergency evac!
KEITH: [grunt] MIRA: [grunt]
MYLENE: Ahhhhhhhhh!
MARUCHO: Transport system, activate!
MYLENE: Ahhhhhhhh!
SHADOW PROVE: Yeeeeaaaaah!
MYLENE: [gasp]
KEITH: Mylene!
MIRA: We're sorry!
MYLENE: Noooooooo!
SHADOW PROVE: So long suckers!
[\u266a]
MIRA: [exertion] KEITH: [exertion]
ACE: Mira!
DAN: You guys okay?
MIRA: They're...gone.
KEITH: I had her...
MYLENE: That was a really stupid thing to do.
SHADOW PROVE: What can I say?
I thought it'd be way more fun to travel to the ends
of the dimension with my new best friend.
Yeaaaaah!
MYLENE: [gasp]
[groan]
[\u266a]
MIRA: Mylene! Shadow Prove !
KEITH: [frustrated]
PROFESSOR CLAY: What? Shadow Prove and Mylene's signals
have disappeared.
GUARD: King Zenoheld requests your presence.
PRINCE HYDRON: Why? What's the problem?
ZENOHELD: The last of your teammates has disappeared.
PRINCE HYDRON: What? How?
KING ZENOHELD: I can only imagine that the Brawlers
are behind it.
No thanks to you.
PRINCE HYDRON: Huh?
ZENOHELD: They must have been expecting our
arrival, which suggests they're either in
possession of or have knowledge of the data you
failed to destroy.
PRINCE HYDRON: [gasp]
KING ZENOHELD: Once again, you've failed me, Hydron.
PRINCE HYDRON: [deep breath]
Must've been Lync.
ZENOHELD: I don't think you understand how unhappy I am.
PRINCE HYDRON: Relax. This wasn't my fault.
It was that traitor Lync, but I'll take care of it.
ZENOHELD: No more chances for you.
You must learn that failure has consequences!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: [gasp]
ZENOHELD: Since my words have failed
to inspire you, perhaps some time with the
Agonizer will give you the necessary motivation.
ZENOHELD: I assure you, your suffering will only
be a fraction of what you've caused me.
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: [whimpering]
PRINCE HYDRON: Nooooooooooooooo!
PRINCE HYDRON: [grunt]
PRINCE HYDRON: Father... but why?
VOLT: This isn't over, Hydron...I promise you,
one day you will pay for all of the pain and misery
that you brought upon...
VOLT: ... the innocents of the world.
LYNC: Eliminating Volt, and then coming after me -
you only did that because you're desperate for your
father's approval.
LYNC: Haha! Hit a nerve?
PRINCE HYDRON: Make it stop. Please, no moooooore!
PRINCE HYDRON: [screams]
PRINCE HYDRON: [panting]
VOLT: Time to fight back.
PRINCE HYDRON: [gasp]
PRINCE HYDRON: Volt?
VOLT: You can't let him push you around anymore, Hydron.
PRINCE HYDRON: [frightened breathing]
LYNC: He's right. After all you've done for your father
he should be honoring not tormenting you.
PRINCE HYDRON: How did you...?
LYNC: Destroy him VOLT: Destroy him.
LYNC: Take the throne, from him! VOLT: Take the throne, from him!
PRINCE HYDRON: Ahhhh!
LYNC/VOLT: Down with Zenoheld. All hail, Prince Hydron!
PRINCE HYDRON: [whimpering]
PRINCE HYDRON: [scream]
PRINCE HYDRON: [gasp]
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: Oh man. [gasps]
PRINCE HYDRON: It was just a dream.
Why am I shaking?
PRINCE HYDRON: Come on now... Keep it together! [gasps]
PRINCE HYDRON: [grunt, exertion]
PRINCE HYDRON: I am a...force to be reckoned with.
A mighty warrior.
No one...not even he, scares me.
PRINCE HYDRON: [exertion] I'll take him down.
PRINCE HYDRON: Time for a shift in power. Bakugan Brawl!
ZENOHELD: I see you haven't learned your lesson, Hydron.
PROFESSOR CLAY: The repairs on Farbros are now
complete, sire.
PROFESSOR CLAY: And the data analysis to
synchronize it with \"the Alternative\" is proceeding
on schedule.
ZENOHELD: Excellent...Soon enough I will take my
throne as Supreme Leader.
PRINCE HYDRON: I wouldn't be so sure about that.
PROFESSOR CLAY: Huh? Who's there?
ZENOHELD: Unbelievable. So it's you again?
ZENOHELD: What is it now?
PRINCE HYDRON: Did I hear that Farbros is repaired?
PRINCE HYDRON: Fantastic timing.
What do you say, we take him for a spin.
Want to Dad ?
ZENOHELD: Are you challenging me to a
battle, punk?
Haven't you had enough punishment for one day?
PRINCE HYDRON: You're not afraid are you?
If I really am the loser you accuse me of being
then I should be no trouble for you to beat.
Why don't you step up to the plate?
We'll see who's the better man.
ZENOHELD: Professor Clay...
PROFESSOR CLAY: Yes sir!
ZENOHELD: I was never as proud and excited as I was
the day you were born.
Unfortunately, you turned out to be nothing but a
disappointment to me.
You're an unworthy heir to my throne.
PRINCE HYDRON: The failures in your life are
a result of your inability to lead.
ZENOHELD/PRINCE HYDRON: Gauntlet, Power Strike!
PRINCE HYDRON: Gate Card, set!
PRINCE HYDRON: Bakugan...Brawl!
PRINCE HYDRON: Bakugan Stand!
PRINCE HYDRON: Go, Subterra Dryoid!
ZENOHELD: Come Pyrus Farbros! Bakugan Brawl!
ZENOHELD: Bakugan Stand!
ZENOHELD: Ability Activate! Garland Claw!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: Ability Activate!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card, set!
PRINCE HYDRON: Murasame Blade!
Plus, Fusion Ability activate! Sho, Dragon Fly!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: Not too bad, huh?
You should give me a little more credit for my skills, Father.
ZENOHELD: Hah! Ability Activate!
ZENOHELD: Ice Burst!
PRINCE HYDRON: Hmmmph...What's this?
Are you saving your good stuff for later?
PRINCE HYDRON: Dryoid!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: Fusion Ability, activate!
Geki Grit Demon!
ZENOHELD: Ability, activate!
ZENOHELD: Fire Spartan!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: You're going to have to do better than that.
PRINCE HYDRON: Because I'll show you no mercy!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: And the throne...Will be mine soon!
ZENOHELD: Not a chance.
PRINCE HYDRON: Huh?
GAUNTLET: Ability Card, set.
ZENOHELD: Farbros XM, activate!
PRINCE HYDRON: Whah?
FARBROS AUTOMATED VOICE: Repair and recovery system
activated...Ability, Murasame Blade...
FARBROS AUTOMATED VOICE: ...Fusion Ability, Level 2...
FARBROS AUTOMATED VOICE: ...and Level 3 cleared.
PRINCE HYDRON: [angry]
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: Oh big deal...
so Farbros is big and loud...but he's nothing
that I can't handle...
Now Gate Card, open!
PRINCE HYDRON: Pyrus Spotting Out!
ZENOHELD: Hmmph.
PRINCE HYDRON: This Command Card takes 500 points...
PRINCE HYDRON: ...from any Pyrus Bakugan's power level.
Deal with that.
ZENOHELD: With pleasure...Ability Activate.
GAUNTLET: Ability Card, set.
ZENOHELD: Ground Breaker!
ZENOHELD: You will never de-throne me.
PRINCE HYDRON: Now who's arrogant...Ability Activate!
PRINCE HYDRON: Accel Speed!
ZENOHELD: What?
PRINCE HYDRON: This ability allows Dryoid to travel
so fast that even Farbros' sensors can't detect him.
Farbros isn't the only one who's had upgrades.
PRINCE HYDRON: Fusion Ability, Activate!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card, set.
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: Double Caliber!
PRINCE HYDRON: Now take him dooooooown!
[\u266a]
GAUNTLET: Zenoheld Life force, 50%
PRINCE HYDRON: What was that you said about me not
dethroning you, huh father?
PRINCE HYDRON: Maybe it's time you started taking me
seriously as a battler and a man.
ZENOHELD: What a joke.
PRINCE HYDRON: Huh?
ZENOHELD: If you were truly serious about
wanting to succeed me, you wouldn't be so desperate
for my approval.
ZENOHELD: You shouldn't care what I think of you...
PRINCE HYDRON: [gasp]
ZENOHELD: ...but you do. And that's why you won't succeed!
PRINCE HYDRON: [whimper]
PRINCE HYDRON: [exertion]
PRINCE HYDRON: Hah! The only thing I care about is seeing
the humiliation on your face when you lose!
ZENOHELD: Hmmmph...
ZENOHELD: Gate Card, set!
ZENOHELD: Come on Farbros! Bakugan Brawl!
ZENOHELD: Bakugan Stand!
PRINCE HYDRON: Bakugan Brawl!
PRINCE HYDRON: Bakugan Stand!
PRINCE HYDRON: You think I can't be stone cold too?
Ability activate!
PRINCE HYDRON: Murasame Blade!
PRINCE HYDRON: Triple Fusion Ability Activate!
PRINCE HYDRON: Sho Dragon Fly! Plus...
PRINCE HYDRON: ...Geki Grit Demon! Plus...
PRINCE HYDRON: ...Retsu, Lightning!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: Keep it together. I'm winning.
I can do this.
PRINCE HYDRON: What are you looking at?
ZENOHELD: A pathetic excuse for royalty...
You bring shame to this family's name...Farbros!
Assail Formation!
[\u266a]
FARBROS' AUTOMATED VOICE: Docking sensor, lock on
Farbros...
...take off.
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: [grunt] Well that's no big deal.
ZENOHELD: Alright! Engage Farbros!
ZENOHELD: Ability Activate!
ZENOHELD: Shadow Crowly!
PRINCE HYDRON: [gasp] Ability activate! Accel Speed!
PRINCE HYDRON: That was way too close.
ZENOHELD: Gate Card, open!
ZENOHELD: Land Pressure!
PRINCE HYDRON: [exertion]
ZENOHELD: I'm afraid Dryoid can't move.
I have manipulated the gravitational pull.
PRINCE HYDRON: [angry growl] Curse... Curse...you...
PRINCE HYDRON: Come on, Dryoid! You can do it!
Use your strength.
ZENOHELD: Playtime is over with now.
PRINCE HYDRON: [exertion]
PRINCE HYDRON: [exertion] [grunt]
Dryoid!
LYNC/VOLT: Down with Zenoheld. All hail Prince Hydron.
PRINCE HYDRON: [grunt] I know I can win this.
ZENOHELD: Tell me, have you had enough yet, little boy?
PRINCE HYDRON: Enough! Be quiet. [grunt]
PRINCE HYDRON: Dryoid and I...
PRINCE HYDRON: ...will destroy you!
ZENOHELD: Well, come on then.
Let's have it.
PRINCE HYDRON: Come on now Dryoid!
Deliver us our victory do you me? Do you hear?
[\u266a]
ZENOHELD: Your attempt at courage is even more
pathetic than I could have imagined.
ZENOHELD: Ability Activate!
Meteor Driver!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: Why don't I introduce you to
my secret weapon?
Ability Card, Activate.
GAUNTLET: Ability Card, set.
PRINCE HYDRON: Gaian Reflector! Hit it Dryoid!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: This ability returns the opponent's
ability but with the power three times stronger!
ZENOHELD: It doesn't matter.
Ability Activate! Shiny Orichalcum!
PRINCE HYDRON: What the...?
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: Ahhhhhhhhh!
GAUNTLET: Hydron Life force, zero.
PRINCE HYDRON: [grunt]
ZENOHELD: Perhaps now we can both admit the
truth...you and I were...never meant to be
father and son.
PRINCE HYDRON: It's over...I lost...it all.
PRINCE HYDRON: You blew it! You fool. You lost everything!
VOLT: Why are you sitting here?
LYNC: You need to take down Zenoheld.
LYNC: And take his throne.
VOLT: Right now.
PRINCE HYDRON: Go away. Leave me alone. Get lost!
PRINCE HYDRON: [grunt, anger]
PRINCE HYDRON: This isn't over, do you understand me?
PRINCE HYDRON: I will destroy Zenoheld.
GUS: Hmmph.
KEITH: I've never been very good with being patient.
Which is why I decided that rather than wait for
Zenoheld to complete the Alternative, I'll just
storm his palace instead.
I'll have Helios with me so I'll have plenty of back up.
KEITH: Besides, any chance I get to battle that old
fool Zenoheld, is a good thing.
I still owe him some payback for what he did to Gus.
KEITH: Maybe you should tune in to see me wipe the
palace floor with him.
DAN: Wait for me Keith! Bakugan Brawl!
KEITH: Oh that Kuso loves a fight.
[\u266a]